"library" include
"sky3" include
"levels/lib/mygrid3" include

[0.5 3.5 0.5] [X+ Y+ Z+] viewinfo

[0 3 11] finishinfo

FOOT footinfo

block3 [0 2 0] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 0] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 1] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 1] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 2] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 2] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 3] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 3] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 4] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 3 4] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 4 4] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 4] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 5] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 5] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 6] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 7] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 3 7] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 4 7] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 7] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 8] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 8] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 9] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 9] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 10] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 3 10] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 4 10] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 10] translate white shapecolor
block3 [1 2 11] translate white shapecolor
block3 [0 2 11] translate white shapecolor
